Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
GOODWIN, YOU FORCED ME
INTO THIS TOURNAMENT.
YOU THREATENED ME,
AND YOU LOCKED
UP MY FRIENDS.
I'M NOT DUELING JACK
UNTIL YOU TELL ME
WHY YOU'VE DONE
ALL THIS.
IT'S 'CAUSE OF THIS.
HE WANTS
THE CRIMSON DRAGON'S POWER,
SO HE'S BEEN
TRYING TO GATHER
EVERYONE WITH ITS MARK.
OH, COME ON, YOU'RE MAKING ME
SOUND SO DEVIOUS.
LET HIS FRIENDS GO.
HE DOESN'T NEED TO BE COERCED.
I WANT THIS DUEL
TO BE LEGIT.
IF THAT IS WHAT MY CHAMPION
WANTS, THEN SO BE IT.
Announcer: THIS IS THE MOMENT.
WILL JACK ATLAS
CONTINUE TO REIGN
AS THE KING OF TURBO DUELS?
OR WILL HE BE DETHRONED BY
SATELLITE'S SHOOTING STAR?
IT'S TIME TO FIND OUT!
Yusei: FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON JUNK SYNCHRON
IN ORDER TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON
JUNK WARRIOR!
NOW TAKE OUT
THAT MARAUDER!
NOW YOU'RE DUELING,
YUSEI.
BUT YOU WON'T BE FOR LONG!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
[THINKING]
BACK IN THE SATELLITE,
I KNEW THAT IN ORDER
TO REALIZE
MY FULL POTENTIAL,
I HAD TO THROW AWAY
EVERYTHING.
BUT NOW HERE YOU COME,
AND YOU'RE TRYING
TO TAKE ME DOWN?
YOU'RE NOT A REAL DUELIST.
YOU ALWAYS
PUT DUELING SECOND.
WELL, I'M FINALLY GOING
TO PUT YOU IN YOUR PLACE!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Announcer: WELCOME BACK TO
THE FORTUNE CUP FINALE,
WHERE THE MASTER OF FASTER,
JACK ATLAS, ALREADY
HAS A COMMANDING LEAD.
CAN THE SATELLITE'S SHOOTING
STAR, YUSEI FUDO, CATCH UP,
OR WILL THIS BE HIS FINAL LAP?
LET'S WATCH AND SEE.
[GASP]
WHAT'S THAT?!
[ALL GASP]
Leo: I DON'T THINK
THE FORECAST CALLED
FOR SCARY
PURPLE CLOUDS!
IT'S A SIGN!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
IS COMING!
AND IF HE'S COMING,
THEN WE SHOULD
ALL GET GOING!
TAKE IT EASY, GRAMPS!
I MEAN, IT'S PROBABLY
JUST SOME ACID RAIN
DRIFTING IN
FROM THE SATELLITE.
IT'S THE SIGN
WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
SOON, THE CRIMSON DRAGON
WILL AWAKE FROM
ITS LONG SLUMBER...
UM, JUST ONE QUESTION
ABOUT ALL THAT.
I THOUGHT WE NEEDED
5 SIGNERS, NO?
AND AT THIS POINT,
WE JUST HAVE THE 4:
THE LITTLE GIRL,
AKIZA, YUSEI, AND JACK.
BESIDES,
ARE WE EVEN SURE
THAT WE CAN CONTROL
THE DRAGON'S POWER
ONCE IT'S
BEEN SUMMONED?
PERHAPS TRUDGE
HAD A POINT.
DIRECTOR... LOOK, SIR.
THERE'S SOMETHING I GOTTA SAY.
IT'S MY OFFICIAL POSITION
THAT YOU NEED
TO STOP THIS TOURNAMENT.
I THOUGHT YOUR OFFICIAL POSITION
WAS MALL SECURITY.
VERY FUNNY.
BUT I FEEL
THIS TOURNAMENT IS
CURSED OR SOMETHING.
YOU WITNESSED
THE DAMAGE OF
THE LAST DUEL.
I'M CONCERNED
THINGS'RE GONNA
GET WORSE.
LAZAR,
DON'T YOU TRUST ME?
YOU SEE,
I KNOW THE FIFTH SIGNER.
THAT'S GOOD.
IF YOU KNOW,
THEN I'LL JUST WATCH
THIS MATCH
AND RELA...
[GASP]
WAIT, YOU KNOW?!
WHO IS IT?!
ARE... ARE THEY HERE?
HOW EXCITING!
THEN THAT MEANS
WE CAN UNLOCK
ALL OF ITS POWER!
THAT'S RIGHT, LAZAR.
BUT FIRST, WE MUST SEE
IF WE CAN HARNESS
THE IMMENSE POWER
THE CRIMSON DRAGON'S
SUMMONING WILL CREATE.
[CHUCKLING]
IT'S MY TURN, JACK!
[THINKING]
AND ITS TIME I EVEN UP
THE PLAYING FIELD!
FIRST,
I'LL ACTIVATE MY TRAP:
DESCENDING LOST STAR!
Computer:
DESCENDING LOST STAR
LETS YOU BRING A SYNCHRO MONSTER
BACK FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD,
BUT ITS LEVEL IS REDUCED BY ONE,
AND ITS DEFENSE POINTS
BECOME ZERO.
SO NOW, BY POWERING
DOWN MY JUNK WARRIOR,
I CAN THEN BRING IT
BACK OUT TO MY FIELD.
THEN I SUMMON:
HYPER SYNCHRON!
[GRUNT]
AND NOW I TUNE
JUNK WARRIOR
WITH MY HYPER SYNCHRON
IN ORDER TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON...
STARDUST DRAGON!
[GROWLING]
OH, MY!
THIS IS AMAZING!
YUSEI!
LET'S REV IT UP!
WELCOME TO THE PARTY,
STARDUST.
[GROANING]
UNH.
MY ARM'S GLOWING!
Announcer: THIS IS THE MOMENT
WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR,
SO GET READY,
BECAUSE THESE TWO BEASTS
ARE ABOUT TO BATTLE IT OUT!
Announcer: WELCOME BACK!
AND IT'S DRAGON VERSUS DRAGON!
[PEOPLE GASPING]
Man:
THE ENER-D REACTOR!
Different man;
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
[GASP]
INCREDIBLE!
DIRECTOR! ARE YOU
GETTING ALL THIS?!
THE READINGS'RE OFF THE CHARTS!
HA HA HA! THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
IT'S HERE!
AND NOW,
HYPER SYNCHRON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
YOU SEE, JACK,
WHEN IT'S PART OF
A SYNCHRO SUMMON,
THE NEW MONSTER
GETS AN EXTRA 800
ATTACK POINTS!
SO NOW
MY STARDUST DRAGON'S
GOT 3,300!
WELL, THEN, I GUESS
I'LL PLAY MY TRAP CARD:
TUNER CAPTURE!
THIS ENABLES ME TO TAKE
CONTROL OF THE MONSTER
YOU USED TO MAKE
YOUR SYNCRO SUMMON HAPPEN!
WHAT GOES AROUND
COMES AROUND, YUSEI!
Announcer: WHOA! WHILE
YUSEI'S HYPER SYNCHRON
GOES BENEDICT ARNOLD,
JACK OUT-MONSTERS HIM
TWO TO ONE!
WELL, THEN,
STARDUST DRAGON,
WHY DON'T YOU EVEN UP
THE PLAYING FIELD!
[ROAR]
COME ON!
THAT PATHETIC DRAGON'S
NO MATCH FOR ME AND MY DECK!
I TRIGGER THE TRAP CARD
TUNER'S MIND!
AND THIS IS JUST
ONE EXAMPLE OF WHY
I'M THE MASTER OF FASTER
AND YOU'RE A WORTHLESS
WANNABE!
NOW I CAN DE-TUNE MY DRAGON
TO DOUBLE MY DEFENSE!
[THINKING]
OH, MAN!
IF I DON'T TAKE OUT
HIS TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER,
HE'LL JUST USE IT
TO BRING OUT HIS
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
ALL OVER AGAIN
NEXT ROUND!
GUESS THAT LEAVES ME
JUST ONE THING TO DO.
STARDUST DRAGON, ATTACK
TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER
WITH COSMIC FLARE!
NO WAY!
SURPRISE, SURPRISE!
YOU SEE, MY TRAP FORCES YOU
TO ATTACK MY DARK TINKER!
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA LEARN
THAT YOU'LL NEVER
BE A MATCH FOR ME, YUSEI?
I'LL BEAT YOU
IN FRONT OF THE WHOLE WORLD
JUST LIKE I BEAT YOU
WAY BACK IN THE SATELLITE!
WELL, THAT WAS THEN,
AND THIS IS NOW.
GO, SYNCHRO BLAST!
[GROWL]
THANKS TO
THAT TRAP CARD,
WHEN ANY SYNCHRO MONSTER
LIKE MY DRAGON ATTACKS,
YOU AUTOMATICALLY LOSE
500 LIFE POINTS!
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN US
IS THAT I CAN AFFORD IT!
NOW I CAN DRAW ANOTHER CARD.
IT WON'T HELP YOU, JACK.
OH, REALLY, YUSEI?
I TUNE HYPER SYNCHRON
WITH TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER!
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIELD
ONE MORE TIME!
[GRUNT]
LET'S KICK THIS TURBO DUEL
INTO OVERDRIVE!
AND JUST LIKE
HYPER SYNCHRON
ADDED 800 ATTACK POINTS
TO YOUR DRAGON,
NOW THAT IT'S HELPING ME
WITH MY SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I GET TO REAP THE BENEFITS
OF ITS POWER AS WELL!
AND REMEMBER,
AFTER I WIN THIS,
YOUR STARDUST DRAGON
IS MINE!
READY?
BRING IT!
CONSIDER IT BROUGHT!
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU FORGOT
THAT SINCE
HYPER SYNCHRON WAS USED,
NEITHER DRAGON
CAN BE DESTROYED NOW!
GOOD THING
I GOT THIS, THEN:
MY TRAP FIELD CANNON!
[ROARING]
[GRUNT]
NOW YOU LOSE
500 LIFE POINTS
BECAUSE I COULDN'T
DESTROY YOUR MONSTER!
YUSEI, NO!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
YUSEI BETTER THINK
OF SOMETHING, AND FAST.
Yanagi: I COULDN'T
AGREE WITH YOU
MORE, TANNER,
ESPECIALLY WITH
THOSE CLOUDS CIRCLING
AROUND LIKE THAT.
HERE IT COMES!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON!
SWEET.
[GASP]
TH-TH-TH-TH-THIS
IS BAD!
[ROARING]
I... I SEE IT, BUT I DO NOT
BELIEVE IT!
IT'S A THIRD DRAGON!
HOLD ON. WHO SUMMONED
THAT THING TO THE FIELD?
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
IT'S HUGE!
MY ARM.
IT'S GLOWING AGAIN!
[GASPING]
IT CAN'T BE!
THEY ACTUALLY AWAKENED YOU?!
BEAUTIFUL, ISN'T IT?
SO MUCH POWER.
LAZAR, GET ME ZIGZIX NOW.
MMM.
IT'S WORKING!
WE'RE ABSORBING
THE DRAGON'S ENER-DEEEE!
AAH! I'VE NEVER SEEN
SOMETHING SO POWERFUL!
HA HA HA! HMM?
ZIGZIX, YOU MUST
SHUT DOWN THE
REACTOR IMMEDIATELY.
EXCUSE ME?!
BUT IT'S WORKING
PERFECTLY!
THERE'S ENOUGH
ENER-D HERE
TO POWER THE CITY
FOR 100 YEARS!
IT'S A SUCCESS!
WE MUST BE CAUTIOUS.
ZIGZIX, IF YOU DON'T
SHUT THE REACTOR DOWN
IMMEDIATELY,
THEN THERE MIGHT NOT
BE A CITY LEFT TO POWER.
I'M SURE
THAT YOU UNDERSTAND.
"WON'T BE A CITY LEFT?"
UH...
Computer voice:
WARNING. THE ENER-D
REACTOR IS OVERLOADING.
PLEASE SHUT DOWN CORE.
MELTDOWN IS IMMINENT.
MELTDOWN?
OH, PLEASE, NOT AGAIN!
WE CAN'T LET WHAT HAPPENED TO
GRIEGER'S VILLAGE HAPPEN HERE.
AAH!
WE MUST SHUT DOWN THE REACTOR
IMMEDIATELY!
THAT DRAGON HAS THE POWER
TO DESTROY EVERYTHING
IN NEW DOMINO CITY!
[ROARING]
CRIMSON DRAGON,
WELCOME TO MY ARENA!
NOW WATCH AND WITNESS
HOW YOUR FUTURE MASTER
RULES THIS DUEL!
JACK! BE CAREFUL!
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
MIGHT RIP
THIS PLACE APART
AND EVERYONE IN IT!
DON'T TELL ME
YOU'RE SCARED!
I AM A SIGNER, YUSEI FUDO,
AND THIS IS MY DESTINY!
GOODWIN TOLD ME
THAT THE POWER
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON
WILL HELP ME
SAVE THIS WORLD.
[THINKING]
AND IT SHALL, JACK,
BUT YOU WILL NOT FIGHT THE
DARKNESS THAT IS COMING ALONE.
LEGEND SAYS THAT
ONCE ALL 5 SIGNERS ARE GATHERED,
THE FUTURE CAN BE REVEALED.
SO WITH THE POWER I POSSESS
AS THE FIFTH SIGNER,
I WILL NOW SHOW YOU
WHAT OUR ENEMY PLANS!
[YELLING]
WHAT'S GOING ON?!
AAH!
[GROANING]
[GROANS]
WHERE ARE WE?
BEATS ME!
OH! WHERE'S THE STADIUM?
OH! WHAT'S GOING ON?
I DON'T KNOW! YUSEI!
LOOK THERE!
AKIZA, I'M SCARED!
YUSEI! THEY LOOK
EXACTLY LIKE THE PEOPLE
OF THE STARS!
WHAT ARE THEY
DOING HERE?!
HEY, JACK,
THEY'RE ALL SIGNERS!
LIKE US!
GOODWIN TOLD ME ABOUT
THESE PEOPLE.
HE SAID SOMEHOW
WE'RE ALL LINKED
TO THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
DOWN THERE LOOKS
A LOT LIKE
THE SATELLITE, JACK!
[GASP]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
LUNA, LOOK THERE!
IS THAT A GIANT SPIDER
SURROUNDING NEW DOMINO CITY?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS HAPPENING!
WE HAVE'TA STOP IT!
IT CAN'T BE REAL.
PERHAPS IT'S THE FUTURE.
WELL IF THAT'S
THE FUTURE,
THEN WE BETTER
STOP THIS DUEL
RIGHT NOW.
WE GOTTA GET HOME!
WE WILL.
ONCE WE FINISH THIS.
WHAT?
YUSEI, THIS IS A DUEL.
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
WON'T LET EITHER OF US
GO BACK
UNTIL ONE OF US WINS!
COME ON!
DON'T YOU GET IT?
DUELING BROUGHT US HERE,
AND DUELING'S GONNA
BRING US BACK HOME.
AND WHOEVER WINS
WILL SHOW THE CRIMSON DRAGON
THEY DESERVE THE POWER
TO SAVE THE WORLD!
AND I'M GOING TO BE
THAT PERSON!
I THROWDOWN TWO FACEDOWNS!
[GROWL]
YOU'RE NUTS!
BUT IF YOU WANT TO
KEEP DUELING,
THEN YOU'LL GET
MORE THAN YOU
BARGAINED FOR, JACK!
I JUST ACTIVATED
SILVER CONTRAILS!
IT GIVES 1,000
MORE ATTACK POINTS
TO ANY WIND MONSTER
ON MY FIELD,
AND GUESS WHAT
MY MIGHTY BEAST IS!
STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTACK RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND,
AND TAKE US HOME!
[SCREAMING]
[THINKING]
THAT ATTACK...
I COULD FEEL IT
LIKE IT WAS REAL!
I GUESS THE CRIMSON DRAGON
WANTS YUSEI AND I
TO PLAY FOR KEEPS.
WELL,
THAT'S JUST FINE BY ME!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP:
SYNCHRO BLAST!
[SCREAMING]
AND YOU THOUGHT
I HAD SHORT MEMORY.
SINCE HYPER SYNCHRON
HELPED SUMMONED
BOTH OUR DRAGONS OUT,
NEITHER ONE CAN BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
I'LL THROWDOWN
3 FACEDOWNS
N' END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
3 FACEDOWNS?!
LOOKS LIKE YUSEI'S
MAKING HIS BIG MOVE.
TOO BAD IT'S TOO LATE!
NO MATTER
WHAT HE'S GOT HIDDEN,
MY SPEED SPELL OVERBURST
WILL DESTROY IT!
HERE WE GO!
I CAN'T SLAY YOUR DRAGON,
BUT I CAN STILL
TAKE OUT YOUR LIFE POINTS.
GO, RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND, ATTACK!
UNH!
YUSEI!
HE'S REALLY HURT!
IT'S JUST LIKE
WHEN I DUEL PEOPLE!
WHAT WAS THAT?!
I COULD FEEL
HIS ATTACK!
Jack: THAT'S RIGHT, YUSEI -
THIS DUEL IS
WINNER TAKE ALL!
JACK! THE DAMAGE WE TAKE
IN THIS DUEL IS REAL!
THAT'S RIGHT, PAL,
AND NOW YOU'LL SEE
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO DUEL
WITH MORE THAN
JUST YOUR LIFE POINTS
ON THE LINE.
[GROWL] YOU DON'T KNOW
IF THAT'S TRUE!
BUT IF IT IS,
THEN I PLAN ON
DEFENDING MYSELF
AND TAKING YOU DOWN!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP
CROSSLINE COUNTER!
NOW IF I TAKE
BATTLE DAMAGE
DURING YOUR TURN,
I DOUBLE IT AND ADD IT
AS ATTACK POINTS.
PLUS, NOW MY DRAGON
GETS TO ATTACK YOU!
HEH. WELL?
WHADDYA WAITIN' FOR?!
STARDUST DRAGON,
LETS NOT KEEP HIM
WAITING ANY LONGER!
AAH! UNH.
JACK?!
DON'T WORRY ABOUT ME!
IN FACT, YOU SHOULD BE
A LOT MORE CONCERNED
WITH YOURSELF!
I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED SPELL OVERBOOST!
SO NOW I GET 4 EXTRA
SPEED COUNTERS THIS ROUND,
NEARLY MAXIN' ME OUT!
WITH THAT KIND OF POWER,
THERE'S NOT TELLING
WHAT HE'LL PLAY NEXT.
THAT'S RIGHT!
SO GET READY FOR ME
TO CALL ON ONE OF
MY FAVORITES!
NOW, FROM MY HAND,
I PLAY THE SPEED SPELL,
END OF THE STORM.
AND WITH THE POWER OF
THIS CARD, YUSEI,
I CAN NOW PUT YOU
IN YOUR PLACE...
AND SINCE FIRST PLACE
IS GOING TO BE ALL MINE,
I GUESS THAT YOU'LL
HAVE TO SETTLE FOR SECOND.
I'M NOT SETTLING
FOR ANYTHING, JACK!
AND THAT'S BECAUSE
STARDUST DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
CAN COUNTER
YOUR END OF STORM.
PERHAPS,
BUT AT WHAT COST?
JUST LOOK!
THAT COUNTER ONLY WORKS
IF YOU SACRIFICE STARDUST,
AND WITH HIM GONE,
YOU'RE WIDE OPEN!
MAKING THIS
THE PERFECT TIME
FOR MY FAVORITE TRAP:
THE SNEAK EXPLODER!
SO DURING YOUR NEXT
STANDBY PHASE,
YOU LOSE 500 LIFE POINTS
FOR EVERY MONSTER
ON MY FIELD.
AND SINCE I'VE GOT ONE,
THAT MEANS YOUR LIFE POINTS
DON'T STAND A CHANCE!
OH, NO! THAT TRAP
WILL FINISH YUSEI OFF,
AND NEXT ROUND,
HE'LL LOSE!
THEN I BETTER KEEP
THIS ROUND GOIN'!
SO I ACTIVATE
STARDUST DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
AND BRING HIM BACK
TO THE FIELD.
AND THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
METEOR STREAM!
Computer: METEOR STREAM
IS A TRAP CARD
THAT DEALS 1,000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE TO YOUR OPPONENT
WHEN YOU RE-SUMMON A MONSTER
THAT WAS RELEASED
DURING THE SAME TURN.
STARDUST DRAGON,
END THIS NOW!
JUST WHAT I WAS
WAITING FOR!
HUH?
THERE'S A REASON
I'M THE CHAMP!
JACK ATLAS IS DESTINED
FOR GREAT THINGS,
WHILE YOU'RE JUST
DESTINED FOR DEFEAT!
THIS ADVENTURE'S OVER.
I PLAY CRIMSON FIRE!
NOT ONLY DOES IT BLOCK
YOUR THOUSAND-POINT TRAP,
BUT IT BOOMERANGS IT
RIGHT BACK TO YOU,
AT DOUBLE THE DAMAGE!
GOOD-BYE, YUSEI!
WATCH OUT!
SORRY JACK,
BUT I PLAY MY TRAP:
SHINING SILVER FORCE!
WHICH DOUSES
YOUR COMEBACK
AND DESTROYS ALL
THE SPELLS AND TRAPS
ON YOUR FIELD!
[GRUNT]
YOU'RE STILL
AS ANNOYING AS EVER!
I NEVER WAS
ONE TO GIVE UP,
AND WITH YOUR
SPEED COUNTERS ABOUT
TO RUN OUT OF GAS,
I DON'T PLAN ON STARTING
ANYTIME SOON!
HOW'S THE NEW VIEW?
[GROWLING]
SEE YA, JACK!
TIME TO GET US HOME!
I PLAY MY TRAP
FINAL ATTACK!
AND SINCE I HAVE
8 SPEED COUNTERS,
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF MY STARDUST DRAGON
ARE DOUBLED!
[ROARING]
5,000?!
IT'S TOO POWERFUL!
I DON'T WANT
TO HURT YOU, JACK,
BUT IF ENDING THIS DUEL
IS THE ONLY WAY HOME,
THEN I GOTTA ATTACK!
STARDUST DRAGON,
TAKE OUT HIS LIFE POINTS!
[SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
Announcer: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
WE SEEM TO BE EXPERIENCING SOME
TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES
AT THIS MOMENT.
YOUR PATIENCE IS APPRECIATED
AS WE TRY TO SORT
THIS MATTER OUT.
[OFF MICROPHONE]
CAN SOMEONE TELL ME
WHY THESE TWO DRAGONS HAVE
BEEN FROZEN IN MID-AIR?
GET THE DIRECTOR ON THE LINE!
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!
FIRST, THEY
WERE DUELING,
THEN
THEY DISAPPEARED,
NOW THEY'RE BACK,
AND THEIR DRAGONS
ARE GONE!
OHH!
LOOK THERE!
CHECK OUT JACK'S
LIFE POINTS!
Dexter: IS THAT
THE RIGHT SCORE?
YUSEI WON.
HE'S THE CHAMPION NOW.
HUH?
[WHIMPERING]
JACK LOST!
ARE YOU OK?!
YOU BEAT ME.
I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU DID IT, YUSEI,
BUT YOU'RE THE CHAMP NOW.
IF THAT VISION WAS TRUE,
NONE OF THIS MATTERS,
BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE
WE ALL MIGHT LOSE.
WE'RE IN DANGER,
AND OUR CITIES
MIGHT BE DESTROYED.
AND WE HAVE TO UNITE
TO STOP IT
FROM HAPPENING.
YOU ALWAYS WANTED
TO BE A HERO.
NOW HERE'S YOUR CHANCE.
[SIGH]
HAS ANYONE HEARD
FROM THE DIRECTOR?
THE DUEL'S OVER.
THE WINNER'S YUSEI;
TELL THEM ALL.
UH...
IT'S OVER!
YUSEI IS OUR WINNER!
FROM THE REFUGE OF REFUSE
HE ROSE,
FROM THE SLUMS OF SATELLITE,
HE NOW REIGNS SUPREME.
I PROUDLY PRESENT
NEW DOMINO CITY'S NEWEST HERO:
YUSEI FUDOOOOOO!!!
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪